# February 19, 2019 7:00 pm

## Attendance
* Brittney B
* Aaron Krauss
* Kendall Werts
* Kristin Garcia
* Tommy Yi
* Devin Clark
* Vance Lucas
* Kimberly Collins
* Ava
* Luke Crouch
* Carmen Bourlon
* Jeff Lowe
* Lucas Watson
* Carlos
* Diana Varnes

Previous minutes are approved without objection.

## Officer Reports
* Vice President
    - Q1 impact report coming next month
* Treasurer
    - [Budgets](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1tw-q8jl-9VMMZ2OmxKM6sCq0A82pPU8yLPMsnaI-DGE/edit?usp=sharing)
    - [Runway](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BdSo4lCJLIDFu0a3EfQ3AWu2wgmotYP-qIzIDC4PXsk/edit?usp=sharing)
    - [New Expense Form](https://goo.gl/forms/sO78xtue7NNE8N4C3)

## Board Reports

### Report from Hacklahoma

Kimberly: Hackathon at OU. We had a sponsor table. Opportunities to follow up on.

### 2019 Board Retreat

March 9, 9:00am to 4:00pm. Hampton Inn & Suites, Stroud, OK.


### Taskforce to update bylaws

Split up into smaller tasks to spread the workload.

### Techlahoma License Plate status

https://www.techlahoma.org/license-plate needs to be promoted more. No information about how many signups. Next update will be around April.

### Debbie Davis sponsorship connection

Ava: She did not get back to me. Need more polish on the pitch deck.

## Committee Reports

### Conduct

Report on status of recent issue

### Vote on recommendation from Conduct Committee.

Bylaws [3.7](https://github.com/techlahoma/legal/blob/master/bylaws/bylaws.md) give the board power to remove members with or without cause.

Vote: At the request of a community member and multiple reports of misconduct by Matt Blackwell, I recommend we *issue an full ban*.

Vote is approved without objection.

### Conferences

#### ThunderPlains

We have a date. Need to get a splash page up in the next few weeks.

#### 200OK

CFP is open. Sent out an email blast. Sponsors are going well. Two invoiced, Two verbal. Two sponsor spots left to fill.

### Civic Tech

Last night we had at least 20 volunteers come to our criminal justice breakout at TWD. A lot of interest in courtbot. Project lead for "clear my record" to help people clear their records for crimes that are no longer felonies. Year two of summer meals map.

### Workshop committee

Kimberly: [Rails OKC Workshop](http://rails-okc.techlahoma.org) We have all the sponsors we need, but not the attendees or volunteers we need.

Diana: [DjangoGirls Tulsa](https://djangogirls.org/tulsa) need more coaches. LTFF is going to be sponsoring.

### User Group Committee

Carmen: Moving from zapier automation tasks to a custom solution. Thanks to Devin for working on that. Issues with a user group that have been resolved.

### Fundraising committee

Vance: No update.
Lucas: No update.

### [OKC Broadcasting Committee](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/blob/master/2019/attachments/02_broadcasting.md)

Kimberly: Need more volunteers. Progress on hardware projects

## New Business

### Board Meeting time

Should we adjust time or keep the same? A poll will be created outside of the meeting.

### Approve the revised committee list
[committee list](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1I8D_5JooAmO2KLv4x9UjwIWndH7FU9X-sqQQm_0ahZQ/edit?usp=sharing) (we may adjust after Board Retreat)

Revisit this at the board retreat and vote after.

## President's Report
