# March 19, 2019 7:00 pm

## Attendance
* Kendall Werts
* Kristin Garcia
* Tommy Yi
* Devin Clark
* Vance Lucas
* Kimberly Collins
* Luke Crouch
* Carmen Bourlon
* Jeff Lowe
* Lucas Watson
* Carlos Moreno
* Diana Varnes

Previous minutes are approved without objection.

## Officer Reports
* Vice President
  - [Q1 impact report](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1l_gh1EDcAe-LbfVrFjXshHDnukVCZ-sbPxbYGVK2blA)
* Treasurer
  - [Budgets](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1tw-q8jl-9VMMZ2OmxKM6sCq0A82pPU8yLPMsnaI-DGE/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Runway](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BdSo4lCJLIDFu0a3EfQ3AWu2wgmotYP-qIzIDC4PXsk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [New Expense Form](https://goo.gl/forms/sO78xtue7NNE8N4C3)

## Board Reports

### Dead Center / Tech Center event opportunity

Waiting to hear back from the person in charge.

### Bylaw alignment with Program Committee structure

Jeff: Short version, Bylaws fully support this structure and approach.

### Meeting Time

Waiting to hear back from two board members to see if 6pm will work. If not, we will stick with 7pm.

## Program Reports

### Workshops

Diana: DjangoGirls workshop is coming up. $10 in profit. 
Kimberly: Rails OKC next week. 40 attendees signed up.

### Conferences & Events

#### ThunderPlains

Put the landing page up. thunderplainsconf.com. Social media work is starting. Setting ticket prices and getting the cfp up pretty soon. March 25th is the goal for opening the cfp. Need to update the sponsorship prospectus and start looking for sponsors.

#### 200OK

Closed CFP about a week ago. Community voting. 129 submissions and 100 votes in the community voting. May open ticket prices before the schedule is announced. 

### User Group

- Working on automation still
- Next up is audit of food for UGs to see if there are any trends we could use to  get any deals from restaurants
- Audit OKC groups to see if we could combine any
- UG food audit with Kendall in April

## Committee Reports

### Fundraising

Planning based on takeways from the retreat. Concerns about grants falling under the fundraising committee. Lucas recommends hubspot to use as a member CRM.

### Content Creation

[Report](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/blob/master/2019/attachments/03_content_creation.md)

### Membership

Kimberly: Starting to plan a networking fair. Going to be at Project 3810 in about a month. April 22nd is the tentative date. 

### Marketing

Carlos: Ramping up on planning in the next few weeks. Breaking down tasks. Found potential volunteers for a website redesign.

### Infrastructure

Put issue templates in place to formalize the process of DNS changes, new service deployments, and error reporting. Deployed a service. http://infra-help.techlahoma.org

Talking to Lucas about Hubspot.

## Unfinished Business

## New Business

### Approve list of Programs from board retreat

User Groups, Conferences & Events, and Workshops.

Vote passed without objection.

### Approve list of Committees from board retreat

Membership, Fundraising, Marketing, Content Creation, and Infrastructure.

Vote passes without objection.

### Approve working list of Program and Committee goals and responsibilities

Approve working list of Program & Committee responsibilities & goals as listed, and request that Programs & Committee chairs provide revised versions by April 9th (1 week before next board meeting) for board approval.

Vote is approved without objection.

### Alcohol at Project 3810

Vote on designating Project 3810 in Oklahoma City as an official partner (Alcohol Policy 8.1)/space in which alcohol may be served (Alcohol Policy 4.3)

Vote passes. We may refine the policy further.

## President's Report

Made connections with potential partners. Thank you to Kimberly and Kristen for getting the simulcast set up to help expand our reach. Thank you to Luke for the 200OK planning. Thank you to Diana for handling the facebook troll post in a very respectful way. Thank you to Devin, Vance, and Carmen for their thunderplains work.
