# June 18, 2019 6:15 pm


## Attendance
* Carlos Moreno
* Aaron Kraus
* Jeff Lowe
* Devin Clark
* Carmen Bourlon
* Kristin Garcia
* Tommy Yi
* Vance Lucas
* Kendall Werts

Previous minutes are approved without objection.

## Officer Reports

Lindsey proposal will happen in July.

## Board Reports

DeadCenter has passed. Potential for techcenter next year.

### Thank you callouts

Kimberly for coordination with marketing and content.

Tommy for depositing the checks

Carmen for being on top of things with user groups

Carmen for encouragement and driving force that she is for thunderplains

Maxx Crawford for making 200ok happen.

Brandon Smith, James Deaton, Kenneth from Florida, Lawrence Kincheloe, Mike Mattice, Spencer Heckathorn, Stephanie Purvis for A/V automation, streaming at TBS Factoring and Project 3810, Twitch, and YouTube

### Chair Assessment & Replacement initiative

Not a voting matter. A board initiative. Jeff assessed chairs and took pictures. Kimberly is asking Lawrence to repair them. 

Planning to add a budget line item for next year for replacement chairs, if necessary.

## Program Reports

### Workshops

DjangoGirls scheduled for September in Tulsa. Need a new leader for OKC workshops.

### Conferences and Events

ThunderPlains CFP closed may 25th. Completed first round of ratings. Final selections will be done this week. 1 or two sponsors have signed. several others have expressed interest. 

200OK didn't make as much money as we had hoped. It only make a couple of thousand dollars. They are talking about doing multiple tracks next year.

Starting to discuss dates for the next Networking Event. Vance will be working more on this after thunderplains talk selections are finish. 

### User groups

Meeting scheduled with TBS Factoring to see if they will host more user groups there due to scheduling issues at starspace. Carmen will not be on the board next year and will need someone to start transitioning over.

## Committee Reports

### Fundraising

Bridge Strategies is interested in sponsoring thunderplains. Vance will followup with them.

### Content Creation

Streamed groups at tbs factoring and project 3810 using their equipment (no out of pocket expenses for Techlahoma!).  More details available [in this report](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/blob/master/2019/attachments/06_content_creation.md).

### Membership

No update. Ava was not present.

### Marketing

— has met w/ and is having semi-regular discussions with content and membership committees (huge thanks to Kimberly for herding cats).
— is working w/ the content committee folks on some new content on twitter to promote youtube and twitch channels. drafts should be done this week.
— has some good ideas going w/ the membership committee.  plans are to do more testimonial filming this summer.
— has just recently figured out that our website is hosted on squarespace. any guidance on editing the website would be more than welcome. yes. i’m slow. I also have no idea how or why, but Code for Tulsa has a record number (by leaps and bounds) of new volunteers. It’s quite encouraging/inspiring to see so many new fresh faces @ TulsaWebDevs / Code for Tulsa. Whatever Luke and Diana and Kendall (and anyone else in Tulsa!) are doing to get the word out about Tulsa meetings: keep it up. (edited) 

### Infrastructure

No update.

## President's Report

Jeff is at Dinosaur JS to see what other nearby communities are doing and meet them. Organizational changes within the org are starting to pay off. Improvements are visible.

