# June 18, 2019 6:00 pm

## Open
* Attendance (please be on call with video enabled)
* Approve [May 2019 board meeting minutes](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/blob/master/2019/05_may_minutes.md)

## Officer Reports
* Vice President
* Treasurer
    - [Budgets](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1tw-q8jl-9VMMZ2OmxKM6sCq0A82pPU8yLPMsnaI-DGE/edit?usp=sharing)
    - [Runway](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BdSo4lCJLIDFu0a3EfQ3AWu2wgmotYP-qIzIDC4PXsk/edit?usp=sharing)
* Lindsey Jordan proposal coming next month.

## Board Reports
* Dead Center / Tech Center event opportunity followup - Tommy
* Thank you callouts - All Boardmembers
  * Brandon Smith, James Deaton, Kenneth from Florida, Lawrence Kincheloe, Mike Mattice, Spencer Heckathorn, Stephanie Purvis - A/V automation, streaming at TBS Factoring and Project 3810, Twitch, and YouTube
* Chair Assessment & Replacement initiative - Jeff
  * Need someone to [inventory and assess](https://github.com/techlahoma/techlahoma/issues/208) what we have 
  * Jeff will find someone to lead the [chair initiative](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VKnymWIg9TdBpBgGDc0oP4Slb1EIjvDwFVRMR4W-jwE/edit#heading=h.1bgo4xvk9bgo)
  * Next step will be a proposal for our consideration including budget to approve

## Program Reports
* Workshops - Kendall
* Conferences & Events 
  * Thunderplains - Vance
  * 200OK - Luke
  * Next networking event, and who is leading?
* User Groups - Carmen

## Committee Reports
* Fundraising - Lucas 
  * Update on Humblebundle opportunity?
  * Status on Hubspot implementation.
  * Status on Thunderplains sponsorship support.
* [Content Creation](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/blob/master/2019/attachments/06_content_creation.md) - Aaron
* Membership - Ava
  * Any engagement opportunities for new members from 200OK attendees?
  * Any post-Thunderplains engagement plans for new/existing members?
* Marketing - Carlos
* Infrastructure -  Devin

## Unfinished Business

## New Business

## President's Report 

