# July 16th, 2019 7:00pm

## Attendance
* Diana Varnes
* Luke Crouch
* Kristin Garcia
* Aaron Krauss
* Devin Clark
* Vance Lucas
* Carlos Moreno
* Carmen Bourlon
* Jeff Lowe
* Kimberly Collins
* Lucas Watson
* Lindsey Jordan

## Proxies

Diana has Kendall's proxy vote.

## Officer Reports


### Vice President

No report. Impact report will be next month.

### Treasurer

Aaron presented some finance reports.

### Lindsey Jordan proposal

Lindsey works with non profits to do capacity building to help non-profits get ready for staff. 10 years experience. Raised $32m. 

Process steps:
1. Cultivate - Fundraising audit. Full day on-site of immersion with the key players.
1. Survey - Survey entire membership. Generate a report and present it to the board with a few recommendations.
1. Activate - Fundraising portion. The report will guide the fundraising strategy.

Carlos: "Can you talk a little more about who the survey is for? Would you be surveying the board members or the user group leadership or all members?"
Lindsey: We drive who is included in the survey. It can be entire membership, or potential members.


We should expect to spend about 15 hours a month as a board on this process. Point people will be more involved than the rest of the board.

Discussion about the financial aspect of paying for the assessment.

Carlos: move we approve to hire Write On Fundraising given the written proposal discussed with Lindsay, contingent upon (1) the treasurer’s report of how our recent grant impacts our runway, and (2) the potential engagement of an outside source to fund at least part of the $4,000 sum (subject to treasurer’s recommendation).

The motion is seconded.

The motion passes without objection.


## Program Reports


### Conferences & Events

#### Thunderplains

Schedule is up. Tickets are on sale. Three sponsors are confirmed. Robert Half, Clevyr, and Tailwind. We are off to an early start on sponsorships.

We are going to email the Techlahoma list very soon. 7/40 early bird tickets have been bought.

Mozilla is going to sponsor pending us submitting the form. Bitness Labs is going to sponsor. Lucas sent one more sponsor our way too.

#### 200OK

Videos are uploaded. Luke needs to put titles on them. Next year, it will be in late May. 

Maxx Crawford is planning a design/ux conference sometime next year.

### User Groups

Groups are being hosted at TBS Factoring. They are hoping to host more groups and meet with Jeff and Carmen. OKC.js, Python, and Ruby are combining next year.

### Workshops

DjangoGirls is coming up September 28th. We still do not have an OKC workshop leader.

## Committee Reports

### Content Creation

[Report](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/blob/master/2019/attachments/07_content_creation.md)

Content creation is interesting in producing more video content for training.

### Fundraising

Committing to get Hubspot set up this month. Lucas is going to get the basic Hubspot set up and will not commit to doing any more without help. Lucas needs more volunteers to be able to fundraise. 

### Infrastructure

1Password cleanup. Should be corrected.

### Marketing

Carlos: I would like to thank Devin for being patient with me on the 1password stuff. I think I have everything I need and will be meeting with the committee soon. Delegating more.

### Membership

Diana: What has happened to Ava?

Jeff will reach out to figure out.

Interested in the Hubspot CRM. 

## New Business

OU has [speaker applications](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc36J7F08dgddqZvMTpIwFsSCtJD2rT2_6-eb9e50ImrQeugg/viewform) out for TEDx. The theme is 'Level Up'. Applications are due tomorrow. Kristin can reach out to someone to extend deadline if someone is interested.

## President Report

Dinosaur.js had an incredible energy. Spoke to a couple of Denver residents to get a sense of the flavor of the community. No groundbreaking insights but some ideas for ThunderPlains. 
