# October 13th, 2019 7:00pm

## Attendance
* Aaron Krauss
* Kendall Werts
* Vance Lucas
* Luke Crouch
* Lucas Watson
* Jeff Lowe
* Ava Gates
* Kristin Garcia
* Kimberly Collins
* Diana Varnes
* Tommy Yi

August minutes were approved without objection.

## Officer Reports

### Treasurer

- Budget is looking good. Runway is good through June 2019.
- [Budgets](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1tw-q8jl-9VMMZ2OmxKM6sCq0A82pPU8yLPMsnaI-DGE/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Runway](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BdSo4lCJLIDFu0a3EfQ3AWu2wgmotYP-qIzIDC4PXsk/edit?usp=sharing)

### Lindsey Jordan Update

- Lindsay Jordan, still waiting for possible benefactor meeting, so paused until that. 

## Board Reports

### Thank You Callouts

- OKC.JS team (Vance, Devin, Jesse) - Many Francis Tuttle students attended last month, several applied for Thunderplains scholarships.

- Kimberly - For her work with Ctrl+Shift students & getting them to OKC.JS

## Program Reports

### Conferences & Events

#### ThunderPlains

- Currently 160 tickets sold, but anticipating at least 20 more. 

#### 200OK

- No update.

#### UX Conference Proposal
- [Current Website](https://uxok.org/)
- [Proposal](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/blob/master/2019/attachments/UXOK%20Conference%20v2.pdf)
- Founded tulsa UX, helped with 200OK
- Switching between OKC and Tulsa location.  100% sponsorship funded
- Attendees = 200ish
- August-Sept timing
- Currently no competition. 
- Have already sourced possible locations for Tulsa. 
- Jared Spool, speaker, may be interested in Keynote. 


### User Groups

- Kristenâ€™s onboarding is going well!
- A few groups responded with request for more funds.
- UG applications coming after Thunderplains
- [UG Report](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/blob/master/2019/attachments/01_UG%20Report.md)

### Workshops

- Django girls last month. Roughly 30 people attended. 
- Convos on how to measure impact of the efforts. Something for workshop committee to ponder
- Diana: new free workshop space at Holberton School
- Free code camp tulsa is nearly dead. But thinking about restarting at Holberton. 
- Libby likely would coordinate workshops.

## Committee Reports

### Content Creation
- [Content Creation](https://github.com/techlahoma/board_meetings/blob/master/2019/attachments/10_content_creation.md) - Kimberly
### Fundraising
- none

### Infrastructure
- none

### Marketing
- Video Testimonials capture set for Thunderplains

### Membership
- Coke Cola has donations available for non-profits. 
- Email campaign for Thunderplains?.  While community members are there, there should be a callout for involvement 
- Ava can make a webpage with an interest form for display at Thunderplains

#### Report on CoC
- none

## Unfinished Business
- By Nov 15, Program and Committee Chairs please report to board on progress towards your specific 2019 goals.

## New Business
### Start the UX Conference as proposed tonight by Maxx
- Board approved the creation of this new Techlahoma sponsored conference

## President's Report
- Town Hall planning will commence well after Thunderplains wraps
- Working on updated StarSpace46 facility agreement
- On invitation from OKC Chamber, completed interview with Forbes on Oklahoma tech and startup scene.  Good talking points came from prep (like the fact Techlahoma has over 304 hours of free training and pro dev videos content on Youtube channel alone).
- Meeting soon with LifeChurch digital team to discuss ways they can become more involved in community. 
