# 2019-06-18 Content Creation Committee Report

## Report from each [team/workgroup](https://github.com/techlahoma/broadcasting/blob/master/Teams/teams.md):

* A/V Automation
* Collaboration with Fundraising Committee
  * Looking into ways to make Twitch subscriptions easier.
* Collaboration with Membership Committee
  * Met with Diana to coordinate efforts between the two committees.
* Conference and Workshop A/V
  * 200OK Video Upload - Blixa is waiting on Maxx for graphics.
* Content Marketing
  * Meeting with Carlos to coordinate efforts to market content
* OKC A/V Hardware
  * Kimberly Collins transported the new mixer and handheld + lavalier wireless microphones from Tulsa to SS46.
  * Mike Mattice, Victor Gramm, and Kimberly Collins tested new mixer.
  * Mike Mattice and Alex Adriaanse purchased cables for connecting new mixer to streaming PC.
  * Planning on having work day on Friday June 21 to get the new mixer ready for streaming and prepare for training streaming volunteers on new mixer
* OKC A/V Volunteer Management
* Project 3810 Streaming
  * Lawrence Kincheloe has purchased equipment and is getting setup ready to use at future meetups.
* Simulcasting
  * Kimberly is looking for education institutions or public libraries where we can simulcast.
  * Need more volunteers for this.
* TBS Streaming
  * Brandon Smith set up streaming with help from TBS staff, Lawrence Kincheloe, Mike Mattice, and Kimberly. 
  * Streaming setup and execution went well.
  * TBS has all of the equipment necessary for potential future events.
* Twitch Channel Management
  * Kenneth and Dodzi are developing branding for Twitch landing page.
* Twitch Highlighting
  * Highlight thumbnail standardization/branding
* YouTube Channel Management
  * Adding volunteers as YouTube Channel Managers
  * Several people have been working on branding for YouTube channel and video thumbnail standardization (Dodzi, James, Kenneth, Spencer, Stephanie).
